Add restore warning for Fleet users (#1881)
rancher/rancher-docs: versioned_docs/version-2.9/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/backup-restore-and-disaster-recovery/restore-rancher.md

:::

:::note Warning for Fleet users

> A few steps must be taken when restoring a Rancher setup with running Fleet workloads. See [this
> page](http://fleet.rancher.io/0.10/gitrepo-add#backing-up-and-restoring) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must consider how to handle Kubernetes API server availability and paused GitRepos when restoring a Rancher setup that is running Fleet workloads. See the [Fleet documentation](http://fleet.rancher.io/gitrepo-add#backing-up-and-restoring) for more details.
```
